website/docs/software/setup/4-motor-config.mdx, before:

---
title: '4. Motor Configuration'
sidebar_position: 5
---
import BlockImage from '@site/src/components/BlockImage';

# Step 4: Motor Configuration

:::info
**Prerequisites:** Before proceeding, ensure you have:
- ✅ Motor IDs configured (Step 1)
- ✅ CAN interface configured (Step 2)
- ✅ Basic communication tested (Step 3)
:::

## Overview

We now need to complete the motor setup sprocess. This involves three key tasks:
1. [Set Motor Baudrate](#step-1-set-motor-baudrate)
2. [Set Zero Position](#step-2-zero-position-calibration)
3. [Verify Motor Communication](#step-3-verify-motor-communication)


## Step 1: Set Motor Baudrate

:::warning
- Be sure to use the CAN interface on 2.0 during the baudrate setup regardless of your target baudrate. Configure it back to your target baudrate after this step is finished.
- Motor parameters has a 10000 time write limits, it should not be run frequently in scripts.
:::

Set the baudrate for each motor (replace `1` with your motor CAN ID and `5000000` with desired baudrate):

Set temporarily:
```bash
openarm-can-change-baudrate --baudrate 5000000 --canid 1 --socketcan can0
```

Save permanently:

```bash
openarm-can-change-baudrate --baudrate 5000000 --canid 1 --socketcan can0 --flash
```

**Important:** After completing the baudrate configuration, reconfigure your CAN interface to match the motor's new baudrate setting for proper communication if necessary.

**Supported Baudrates:**

| Option | Baudrate | Description |
|--------|----------|-------------|
| 0      | 125000   | 125 kbps    |
| 1      | 200000   | 200 kbps    |
| 2      | 250000   | 250 kbps    |
| 3      | 500000   | 500 kbps    |
| 4      | 1000000  | 1 mbps      |
| 5      | 2000000  | 2 mbps      |
| 6      | 2500000  | 2.5 mbps    |
| 7      | 3200000  | 3.2 mbps    |
| 8      | 4000000  | 4 mbps      |
| 9      | 5000000  | 5 mbps      |


## Step 2: Zero Position Calibration
:::info
Physically position the arms to roughly match the zero position shown below before running calibration.  
For grippers, the closed position is used as zero by default.
<BlockImage src="software/setup/zeropos.jpg" alt="zeropos" width="40%" />
:::
:::warning
Safety First! The robot will move automatically when calibration starts. Wear safety gear, clear the workspace, and be ready to emergency stop.
:::

The zero position calibration runs **one arm at a time**.  
Run the zero position calibration (this defaults to can 0, right arm):
```bash
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration
```
For specific arms, run:
```bash
# Leader-side Left
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can1 --arm_side left_arm
```
```bash
# Follower-side Right
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can2 --arm_side right_arm
```
```bash
# Follower-side Left
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can3 --arm_side left_arm
```
<div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center'}}>
  <iframe 
    width="315"
    height="560"
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Dr-Eeoaq8pU" 
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameBorder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowFullScreen
  />
</div>




## Step 3: Verify Motor Communication

Run the motor check executable, replace `1` and `17` with your motor's send and receive CAN IDs.
Note: CAN ID 17 is the decimal representation of 0x11

For CAN 2.0
```bash
openarm-can-motor-check 1 17 can0
```

For CAN FD mode:
```bash
openarm-can-motor-check 1 17 can0 -fd
```

The output should display the motor's receiver ID, baudrate, and status information.

**Verification steps:**
1. **Check baudrate**: Verify the displayed baudrate matches what you configured earlier
2. **Test permanent settings**: If you used `--flash`, power cycle the motor and run the check again to confirm the settings persisted
3. **Troubleshoot**: If the baudrate doesn't match, switch your CAN interface to 2.0 and re-run the baudrate change script

:::warning
It is important to get the openarm-can-motor-check working before running the demo.
:::

## Troubleshooting
- Check CAN interface is UP
- Verify motor is physically connected and powered, set with the correct ID
- Verify can connection is stable (important!)
- Use `candump` to monitor the traffic
- Check CAN interface baudrate matches motor's current baudrate
- Verify send/receive CAN IDs are correct. Common pairs: 1→17, 2→18, 3→19, etc.

Commit message:

website: Add a note for zero position calibration in Leader-Follower configurations
Since it needs to run in an independent state, add that.

website/docs/software/setup/4-motor-config.mdx, after:

---
title: '4. Motor Configuration'
sidebar_position: 5
---
import BlockImage from '@site/src/components/BlockImage';

# Step 4: Motor Configuration

:::info
**Prerequisites:** Before proceeding, ensure you have:
- ✅ Motor IDs configured (Step 1)
- ✅ CAN interface configured (Step 2)
- ✅ Basic communication tested (Step 3)
:::

## Overview

We now need to complete the motor setup sprocess. This involves three key tasks:
1. [Set Motor Baudrate](#step-1-set-motor-baudrate)
2. [Set Zero Position](#step-2-zero-position-calibration)
3. [Verify Motor Communication](#step-3-verify-motor-communication)


## Step 1: Set Motor Baudrate

:::warning
- Be sure to use the CAN interface on 2.0 during the baudrate setup regardless of your target baudrate. Configure it back to your target baudrate after this step is finished.
- Motor parameters has a 10000 time write limits, it should not be run frequently in scripts.
:::

Set the baudrate for each motor (replace `1` with your motor CAN ID and `5000000` with desired baudrate):

Set temporarily:
```bash
openarm-can-change-baudrate --baudrate 5000000 --canid 1 --socketcan can0
```

Save permanently:

```bash
openarm-can-change-baudrate --baudrate 5000000 --canid 1 --socketcan can0 --flash
```

**Important:** After completing the baudrate configuration, reconfigure your CAN interface to match the motor's new baudrate setting for proper communication if necessary.

**Supported Baudrates:**

| Option | Baudrate | Description |
|--------|----------|-------------|
| 0      | 125000   | 125 kbps    |
| 1      | 200000   | 200 kbps    |
| 2      | 250000   | 250 kbps    |
| 3      | 500000   | 500 kbps    |
| 4      | 1000000  | 1 mbps      |
| 5      | 2000000  | 2 mbps      |
| 6      | 2500000  | 2.5 mbps    |
| 7      | 3200000  | 3.2 mbps    |
| 8      | 4000000  | 4 mbps      |
| 9      | 5000000  | 5 mbps      |


## Step 2: Zero Position Calibration

:::info
Physically position the arms to roughly match the zero position shown below before running calibration.  
For grippers, the closed position is used as zero by default.
<BlockImage src="software/setup/zeropos.jpg" alt="zeropos" width="40%" />
:::

:::info
When setting up in a Leader-Follower configuration, please run the zero position calibration for the Leader and the Follower separately, while they are in their independent states.
:::

:::warning
Safety First! The robot will move automatically when calibration starts. Wear safety gear, clear the workspace, and be ready to emergency stop.
:::

The zero position calibration runs **one arm at a time**.  
Run the zero position calibration (this defaults to can 0, right arm):
```bash
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration
```
For specific arms, run:
```bash
# Leader-side Left
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can1 --arm_side left_arm
```
```bash
# Follower-side Right
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can2 --arm_side right_arm
```
```bash
# Follower-side Left
openarm-can-zero-position-calibration --canport can3 --arm_side left_arm
```
<div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center'}}>
  <iframe 
    width="315"
    height="560"
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Dr-Eeoaq8pU" 
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameBorder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowFullScreen
  />
</div>




## Step 3: Verify Motor Communication

Run the motor check executable, replace `1` and `17` with your motor's send and receive CAN IDs.
Note: CAN ID 17 is the decimal representation of 0x11

For CAN 2.0
```bash
openarm-can-motor-check 1 17 can0
```

For CAN FD mode:
```bash
openarm-can-motor-check 1 17 can0 -fd
```

The output should display the motor's receiver ID, baudrate, and status information.

**Verification steps:**
1. **Check baudrate**: Verify the displayed baudrate matches what you configured earlier
2. **Test permanent settings**: If you used `--flash`, power cycle the motor and run the check again to confirm the settings persisted
3. **Troubleshoot**: If the baudrate doesn't match, switch your CAN interface to 2.0 and re-run the baudrate change script

:::warning
It is important to get the openarm-can-motor-check working before running the demo.
:::

## Troubleshooting
- Check CAN interface is UP
- Verify motor is physically connected and powered, set with the correct ID
- Verify can connection is stable (important!)
- Use `candump` to monitor the traffic
- Check CAN interface baudrate matches motor's current baudrate
- Verify send/receive CAN IDs are correct. Common pairs: 1→17, 2→18, 3→19, etc.
