website/docs/getting-started/project-overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Project Overview
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Project Overview & Structure

OpenArm is organized across multiple platforms to support different aspects of development, collaboration, and community engagement.
<div style={{display: 'grid', gridTemplateColumns: '1fr 1fr', gap: '20px', marginBottom: '30px'}}>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>🌐 Main Website</h3>
    <p>Project homepage with announcements, visualizations, and contact forms</p>
    <a href="https://openarm.dev" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#007acc',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Visit Website</a>
  </div>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>📚 Documentation</h3>
    <p>Complete technical guides and tutorials for you to build, hack and deploy OpenArm!</p>
    <a href="https://docs.openarm.dev" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#28a745',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Browse Docs</a>
  </div>
</div>
<div style={{display: 'grid', gridTemplateColumns: '1fr 1fr', gap: '20px', marginBottom: '30px'}}>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>💻 GitHub</h3>
    <p>Open-source repositories with code, CAD files, issue tracking, and feature requests</p>
    <a href="https://github.com/enactic/openarm" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#24292f',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Start Building</a>
  </div>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>💬 Discord</h3>
    <p>Join for real-time discussions, support, and collaboration</p>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/GmYa262ETH" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#5865f2',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Join Community</a>
  </div>
</div>

| Repository | Documentation | Description and Contents |
|--------------|-----------------|-------------------------------|
| **[openarm](https://github.com/enactic/openarm)** |   | Main project repository with ideas, issues, and feature requests |
| **[openarm_hardware](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_hardware)** | [Hardware Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/hardware) | Complete CAD data: STL files, STEP files, Fusion 360 assemblies |
| **[openarm_description](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_description)** | [Description Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/description) | Robot description files with URDF/xacro for simulation |
| **[openarm_can](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_can)** | [CAN Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/can/) | CAN control library for low-level motor communication |
| **[openarm_ros2](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_ros2)** | [ROS2 Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/ros2/install) | ROS2 integration packages and nodes |
| **[openarm_teleop](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_teleop)** | [Teleop Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/teleop/) | Teleoperation packages with unilateral and bilateral control |
| **[openarm_isaac_lab](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_isaac_lab)** | [Isaac Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/simulation/) | Isaac Lab simulation environment and training tasks |

Commit message:

Add purchase page and delete help page (#305)
Add purchase page with all manufactures selling OpenArm.

---------

Co-authored-by: hiroto_yamamoto <hiroto_yamamoto@m-arnot.local>
Co-authored-by: Daijiro Fukuda <fukuda@clear-code.com>
Co-authored-by: Sutou Kouhei <kou@clear-code.com>

website/docs/getting-started/project-overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Project Overview
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Project Overview & Structure

OpenArm is organized across multiple platforms to support different aspects of development, collaboration, and community engagement.
<div style={{display: 'grid', gridTemplateColumns: '1fr 1fr', gap: '20px', marginBottom: '30px'}}>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>🌐 Main Website</h3>
    <p>Project homepage with announcements, visualizations, and contact forms</p>
    <a href="https://openarm.dev" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#007acc',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Visit Website</a>
  </div>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>📚 Documentation</h3>
    <p>Complete technical guides and tutorials for you to build, hack and deploy OpenArm!</p>
    <a href="https://docs.openarm.dev" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#28a745',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Browse Docs</a>
  </div>
</div>
<div style={{display: 'grid', gridTemplateColumns: '1fr 1fr', gap: '20px', marginBottom: '30px'}}>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>💻 GitHub</h3>
    <p>Open-source repositories with code, CAD files, issue tracking, and feature requests</p>
    <a href="https://github.com/enactic/openarm" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#3e4041ff',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Start Building</a>
  </div>
  <div style={{padding: '20px', border: '2px solid #e1e8ed', borderRadius: '8px', textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <h3>💬 Discord</h3>
    <p>Join for real-time discussions, support, and collaboration</p>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/GmYa262ETH" style={{
      display: 'inline-block',
      padding: '10px 20px',
      backgroundColor: '#5865f2',
      color: 'white',
      textDecoration: 'none',
      borderRadius: '5px',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    }}>Join Community</a>
  </div>
</div>

| Repository | Documentation | Description and Contents |
|--------------|-----------------|-------------------------------|
| **[openarm](https://github.com/enactic/openarm)** |   | Main project repository with ideas, issues, and feature requests |
| **[openarm_hardware](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_hardware)** | [Hardware Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/hardware) | Complete CAD data: STL files, STEP files, Fusion 360 assemblies |
| **[openarm_description](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_description)** | [Description Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/description) | Robot description files with URDF/xacro for simulation |
| **[openarm_can](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_can)** | [CAN Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/can/) | CAN control library for low-level motor communication |
| **[openarm_ros2](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_ros2)** | [ROS2 Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/software/ros2/install) | ROS2 integration packages and nodes |
| **[openarm_teleop](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_teleop)** | [Teleop Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/teleop/) | Teleoperation packages with unilateral and bilateral control |
| **[openarm_isaac_lab](https://github.com/enactic/openarm_isaac_lab)** | [Isaac Docs](https://docs.openarm.dev/simulation/) | Isaac Lab simulation environment and training tasks |

## Get Help

Our community and team are ready to help:

- **Discord**
    Connect with other builders, researchers, and the OpenArm team for real-time support and discussions:
    [Join Now](https://discord.gg/GmYa262ETH)

- **GitHub Issues**
    Report bugs or request features directly in our repository:
    [Open an Issue](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/issues)

- **GitHub Discussions**
    Ask technical questions directly in our repository:
    [Start a Discussion](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/discussions)
