website/docs/hardware/assembly-guide/gripper-sub-assembly.mdx, before:

---
title: 7.1 Gripper (Follower)
sidebar_position: 8
description: ""
---

import AssemblyGuideImage from '@site/src/components/AssemblyGuideImage';

# Step 7.1: Gripper Sub-Assembly

1. Attach `J8_A` to `J8_B` using 3 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step1.png" alt="step1" width="30%" />

2. Attach `rail_connector` to the `J8` motor using 6 `M3x8` bolts. Ensure that the flanges of `rail_connector` are aligned to the two Power+CAN ports of `J8`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step2.png" alt="step2" width="50%" />

3. Carefully insert bearings `MR126ZZ` into `swivel_link`. Note that two bearings need to be inserted from opposite directions.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step3.png" alt="step3" width="30%" />

4. Connect `swivel_rotor` to the rotor of `J8` using 4 `M3x8` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step4.png" alt="step4" width="60%" />

5. Attach the two `swivel_link` components to the `swivel_rotor` using step bolts `DBSY4-5-4`. Make sure the bearings are oriented such that the fully exposed (open) side of each bearing faces toward the `swivel_rotor`, as shown in the image. This orientation ensures proper alignment and freedom of movement for the linkages.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step5.png" alt="step5" width="60%" />

6. Attach the linear guide to `rail_connector` using 4 `M3x5` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step6.png" alt="step6" width="60%" />

7. Secure the `rail_CNC_attachment` to the slider blocks of the linear guide using four low-profile bolts `KBBS3-6`. Ensure that the `rail_CNC_attachment` extends in the same direction as the `swivel_link`. This orientation simplifies the alignment and final assembly steps.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step7.png" alt="step7" width="60%" />

8. Connect the two `swivel_link` components to the `rail_CNC_attachment` using step bolts `DBSY4-5-4`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step8.png" alt="step8" width="60%" />

9. Attach the jaws to the `rail_CNC_attachment` using 4 low-profile bolts `KBBS3-6`. Ensure that the jaws are properly aligned for perfect assembly.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step9.png" alt="step9" width="60%" />

10. Mount the subassembly created in Step 1 to the rear face of the `J8` motor using four `M3×8` bolts.

- When assembling the right arm, ensure the `J8_A` part is aligned with the right jaw.

- When assembling the left arm, align `J8_A` with the left jaw.

The alignment ensures proper mechanical coupling and correct orientation of the jaws during operation, as indicated by the arrows in the image.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step10.png" alt="step10" width="80%" />

:::info
That concludes the Gripper Sub-Assembly
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/conclusion.png" alt="conclusion" width="80%" />
:::

Commit message:

update 3M tape
Added recommendation for 3M tape for gripper surface.

website/docs/hardware/assembly-guide/gripper-sub-assembly.mdx, after:

---
title: 7.1 Gripper (Follower)
sidebar_position: 8
description: ""
---

import AssemblyGuideImage from '@site/src/components/AssemblyGuideImage';

# Step 7.1: Gripper Sub-Assembly

1. Attach `J8_A` to `J8_B` using 3 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step1.png" alt="step1" width="30%" />

2. Attach `rail_connector` to the `J8` motor using 6 `M3x8` bolts. Ensure that the flanges of `rail_connector` are aligned to the two Power+CAN ports of `J8`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step2.png" alt="step2" width="50%" />

3. Carefully insert bearings `MR126ZZ` into `swivel_link`. Note that two bearings need to be inserted from opposite directions.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step3.png" alt="step3" width="30%" />

4. Connect `swivel_rotor` to the rotor of `J8` using 4 `M3x8` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step4.png" alt="step4" width="60%" />

5. Attach the two `swivel_link` components to the `swivel_rotor` using step bolts `DBSY4-5-4`. Make sure the bearings are oriented such that the fully exposed (open) side of each bearing faces toward the `swivel_rotor`, as shown in the image. This orientation ensures proper alignment and freedom of movement for the linkages.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step5.png" alt="step5" width="60%" />

6. Attach the linear guide to `rail_connector` using 4 `M3x5` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step6.png" alt="step6" width="60%" />

7. Secure the `rail_CNC_attachment` to the slider blocks of the linear guide using four low-profile bolts `KBBS3-6`. Ensure that the `rail_CNC_attachment` extends in the same direction as the `swivel_link`. This orientation simplifies the alignment and final assembly steps.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step7.png" alt="step7" width="60%" />

8. Connect the two `swivel_link` components to the `rail_CNC_attachment` using step bolts `DBSY4-5-4`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step8.png" alt="step8" width="60%" />

9. Attach the jaws to the `rail_CNC_attachment` using 4 low-profile bolts `KBBS3-6`. Ensure that the jaws are properly aligned for perfect assembly.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step9.png" alt="step9" width="60%" />

10. Mount the subassembly created in Step 1 to the rear face of the `J8` motor using four `M3×8` bolts.

- When assembling the right arm, ensure the `J8_A` part is aligned with the right jaw.

- When assembling the left arm, align `J8_A` with the left jaw.

The alignment ensures proper mechanical coupling and correct orientation of the jaws during operation, as indicated by the arrows in the image.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/step10.png" alt="step10" width="80%" />

:::info
This completes the **Gripper Sub-Assembly**.  
<AssemblyGuideImage src="gripper/conclusion.png" alt="Gripper Sub-Assembly Complete" width="80%" />
:::

:::info
For the gripper surface, we recommend using the following 3M tape:  
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0093CQPW8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&th=1
:::
