website/docs/hardware/assembly-guide/j5-j6-j7-sub-assembly.mdx, before:

---
title: 6. J5-J6-J7
sidebar_position: 7
description: ""
---

import AssemblyGuideImage from '@site/src/components/AssemblyGuideImage';

# Step 6: J5-J6-J7 Sub-Assembly

:::warning
### Prerequisites
**Before starting** the assembly, please configure motor IDs by following [Step 1: Setup Motor ID](/software/setup/motor-id).
:::

1. Install the `FL6700ZZ` bearing into the sheet metal component `J6_A`, and gently insert `J7_B` into the bearing, aligning it as shown in the figure.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/prep-step1.png" alt="prep step1" width="20%" />

2. Repeat the procedure with `J6_B`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/prep-step2.png" alt="prep step2" width="20%" />

3. Attach `J5_A` to the rotor of `J5` motor using 6 `M3x18` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step1.png" alt="step1" width="40%" />

4. Attach the `J6_B` component to `J5_A` using 3 `M3x8` bolts. Ensure that `J6_B` is aligned towards the mechanical stop of `J5_A`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step2.png" alt="step2" width="30%" />

5. Attach the component `J6_A` to `J5_A` using 3 `M3x8` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step3.png" alt="step3" width="30%" />

6. Attach component `J6_D` to motor `J6` using four `M3x6` bolts. Ensure that `J6_D` is aligned so its top and bottom line up with the two Power+CAN ports.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step4.png" alt="step4" width="30%" />

7. Attach `J7_E` to the rotor of `J6` using 6 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step5.png" alt="step5" width="30%" />

8. Carefully place the motor `J6` between `J6_A` and `J6_B`, and securely fasten it to `J6_A` using 4 `M3x6` bolts. As a check, the communication port should be in line with `J7_E`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step6.png" alt="step6" width="30%" />

:::tip
When looking straight at `J6_B`, `J7_E` should be protruding to the right for the right arm, and to the left for the left arm.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step6-tip.png" alt="step8 tip" width="100%" />
:::

9. Attach part `J7_A` to the `J7` motor using three `M3x8` bolts. Make sure the orientation matches the image, with the top bolt aligned with the Power+CAN port.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step7.png" alt="step7" width="30%" />

10. Using two `M3x8` bolts, mount part `J7_C` to the back of motor `J7` as shown. Check that it’s aligned correctly and runs parallel to the line between the two Power+CAN ports.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step8.png" alt="step8" width="30%" />

:::tip
While assembling the left arm, mount the part `J7_C` on the opposite side.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step8-tip.png" alt="step8 tip" width="100%" />
:::


11. Insert bearings `MR106ZZ1` into the two holes of part `J7_D_right`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step9.png" alt="step9" width="20%" />

:::tip
For assembling the left arm, use the part `J7_D_left`.
:::

12. Carefully place the motor `J7` between the `J6_A` and `J6_B` sheet metal pieces, and attach the two `J7_B` pieces to `J7_A` using 2 `M3x8` bolts on each side.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step10.png" alt="step10" width="40%" />

:::tip
`J7_C` and `J7_E` should face the same direction once this step is completed
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step10-tip.png" alt="step10 tip" width="30%" />
:::

13. Attach the component `J7_D_right` to both `J7_C` and `J7_E` using the step bolt `DBSY4-6-5` with **4 washers** `SWSPS12-6-0.5` between the step bolt and `J7_D` as well as `J7_D` and `J7_C`/`J7_E`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step11.png" alt="step11" width="40%" />
:::tip
While assembling the left arm, use the part `J7_D_left`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step11-tip.png" alt="step11 tip" width="100%" />
:::

14. Carefully insert `J6_C_right` part between `J6_A` and `J6_B` and secure them using 3 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step12.png" alt="step12" width="40%" />

:::tip
When assembling the left arm, use component `J6_C_left`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step12-tip.png" alt="step12 tip" width="40%" />
:::

:::info
That concludes the J5-J6-J7 Sub-Assembly
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/conclusion.png" alt="conclusion" width="50%" />
:::

Commit message:

Update assembly guide with tips and asymmetry notes
Added tips for press-fitting and noted asymmetry in assembly steps.

website/docs/hardware/assembly-guide/j5-j6-j7-sub-assembly.mdx, after:

---
title: 6. J5-J6-J7
sidebar_position: 7
description: ""
---

import AssemblyGuideImage from '@site/src/components/AssemblyGuideImage';

# Step 6: J5-J6-J7 Sub-Assembly

:::warning
### Prerequisites
**Before starting** the assembly, please configure motor IDs by following [Step 1: Setup Motor ID](/software/setup/motor-id).
:::

1. Install the `FL6700ZZ` bearing into the sheet metal component `J6_A`, and gently insert `J7_B` into the bearing, aligning it as shown in the figure. Sandwich the bearing flange between two parts.

:::tip
Press-fitting using a vise or similar tool is recommended.
:::
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/prep-step1.png" alt="prep step1" width="20%" />

2. Repeat the procedure with `J6_B`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/prep-step2.png" alt="prep step2" width="20%" />

3. Attach `J5_A` to the rotor of `J5` motor using 6 `M3x18` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step1.png" alt="step1" width="40%" />

4. Attach the `J6_B` component to `J5_A` using 3 `M3x8` bolts. Ensure that `J6_B` is aligned towards the mechanical stop of `J5_A`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step2.png" alt="step2" width="30%" />

5. Attach the component `J6_A` to `J5_A` using 3 `M3x8` bolts.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step3.png" alt="step3" width="30%" />

6. Attach component `J6_D` to motor `J6` using four `M3x6` bolts. Ensure that `J6_D` is aligned so its top and bottom line up with the two Power+CAN ports.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step4.png" alt="step4" width="30%" />

7. Attach `J7_E` to the rotor of `J6` using 6 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step5.png" alt="step5" width="30%" />

8. !!Asymmetry present!!  
Carefully place the motor `J6` between `J6_A` and `J6_B`, and securely fasten it to `J6_A` using 4 `M3x6` bolts. As a check, the communication port should be in line with `J7_E`
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step6.png" alt="step6" width="30%" />

:::tip
When looking straight at `J6_B`, `J7_E` should be protruding to the right for the right arm, and to the left for the left arm.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step6-tip.png" alt="step8 tip" width="100%" />
:::

9. Attach part `J7_A` to the `J7` motor using three `M3x8` bolts. Make sure the orientation matches the image, with the top bolt aligned with the Power+CAN port.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step7.png" alt="step7" width="30%" />

10.  !!Asymmetry present!! 
Using two `M3x8` bolts, mount part `J7_C` to the back of motor `J7` as shown. Check that it’s aligned correctly and runs parallel to the line between the two Power+CAN ports.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step8.png" alt="step8" width="30%" />

:::tip
While assembling the left arm, mount the part `J7_C` on the opposite side.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step8-tip.png" alt="step8 tip" width="100%" />
:::


11. Insert bearings `MR106ZZ1` into the two holes of part `J7_D_right`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step9.png" alt="step9" width="20%" />

:::tip
For assembling the left arm, use the part `J7_D_left`.
:::

12. Carefully place the motor `J7` between the `J6_A` and `J6_B` sheet metal pieces, and attach the two `J7_B` pieces to `J7_A` using 2 `M3x8` bolts on each side.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step10.png" alt="step10" width="40%" />

:::tip
`J7_C` and `J7_E` should face the same direction once this step is completed
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step10-tip.png" alt="step10 tip" width="30%" />
:::

13. Attach the component `J7_D_right` to both `J7_C` and `J7_E` using the step bolt `DBSY4-6-5` with **4 washers** `SWSPS12-6-0.5` between the step bolt and `J7_D` as well as `J7_D` and `J7_C`/`J7_E`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step11.png" alt="step11" width="40%" />
:::tip
While assembling the left arm, use the part `J7_D_left`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step11-tip.png" alt="step11 tip" width="100%" />
:::

14. Carefully insert `J6_C_right` part between `J6_A` and `J6_B` and secure them using 3 `M3x6` bolts
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step12.png" alt="step12" width="40%" />

:::tip
When assembling the left arm, use component `J6_C_left`.
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/step12-tip.png" alt="step12 tip" width="40%" />
:::

:::info
That concludes the J5-J6-J7 Sub-Assembly
<AssemblyGuideImage src="j5-j6-j7/conclusion.png" alt="conclusion" width="50%" />
:::
