website/docs/faq/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Questions

## Is there a mobile base?

The OpenArm project does not currently have any short-term plans for a mobile base.
Please consider integrating it with another project, for more information, refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/issues/219).

## The motor is not working.

See the [troubleshooting section](/software/setup/motor-id#trouble-shooting).

## How accurate and repeatable is it?

We're preparing the documentation.

## How much power does it consume?

We're preparing the documentation.

## Where can I get support?

You can also reach out to our community for tips and help.

- **Discord**
    Connect with other builders, researchers, and the OpenArm team for real-time support and discussions:
    [Join Now](https://discord.gg/GmYa262ETH)

- **GitHub Issues**
    Report bugs or request features directly in our repository:
    [Open an Issue](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/issues)

- **GitHub Discussions**
    Ask technical questions directly in our repository:
    [Start a Discussion](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/discussions)

Commit message:

website faq: Add information about recommended CAN devices

website/docs/faq/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Questions

## Is there a mobile base?

The OpenArm project does not currently have any short-term plans for a mobile base.
Please consider integrating it with another project, for more information, refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/issues/219).

## The motor is not working.

See the [troubleshooting section](/software/setup/motor-id#trouble-shooting).

## Do you have any recommended CAN devices?

Please use the devices listed in the [Bill of Materials > Electronics](/hardware/bill-of-materials/electrical).
Using other CAN devices may result in unexpected behavior.

## How accurate and repeatable is it?

We're preparing the documentation.

## How much power does it consume?

We're preparing the documentation.

## Where can I get support?

You can also reach out to our community for tips and help.

- **Discord**
    Connect with other builders, researchers, and the OpenArm team for real-time support and discussions:
    [Join Now](https://discord.gg/GmYa262ETH)

- **GitHub Issues**
    Report bugs or request features directly in our repository:
    [Open an Issue](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/issues)

- **GitHub Discussions**
    Ask technical questions directly in our repository:
    [Start a Discussion](https://github.com/enactic/openarm/discussions)
